LPC55S69 board with TFM samples (#27780)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/tfm_integration/psa_level_1/README.rst

      cmake -DBOARD=mps2_an521_nonsecure ..
      make run

On LPCxpresso55S69:
======================

Build Zephyr with a non-secure configuration:

   .. code-block:: bash
      $ west build -p -b lpcxpresso55s69_ns samples/tfm_integration/psa_level_1/ --

> For we build TFM wihout a bootloader (MCUboot), to run TFM images we need to flash them manually.
> 
>    .. code-block:: console
> 
>       JLinkExe -device lpc55s69 -if swd -speed 2000 -autoconnect 1
>       J-Link>loadfile build/tfm/install/outputs/LPC55S69/tfm_s.hex
>       J-Link>loadfile build/zephyr/zephyr.hex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next we need to manually flash the secure (`tfm_s.hex`) and non-secure (`zephyr.hex`) images wth a J-Link as follows:

   .. code-block:: console

      JLinkExe -device lpc55s69 -if swd -speed 2000 -autoconnect 1
      J-Link>loadfile build/tfm/install/outputs/LPC55S69/tfm_s.hex
      J-Link>loadfile build/zephyr/zephyr.hex

NOTE: At present, the LPC55S69 doesn't include support for the MCUBoot bootloader.
```
